- [Frank] If you work with cloud native technologies,
you cannot escape hearing about serverless.
The concept of paying for the operations you use
versus the infrastructure
at 24 hours a day seven days a week
appeals in many specific use cases
in software engineering today.
Many people talk about serverless.
However, not everyone has a clear picture
of what it truly is.
This course will not only explain what serverless is,
but also answer the benefits and negatives
of this development toolkit.
We will look at specific use cases
for AWS's implementation of serverless, called Lambda,
and how to leverage this with several languages
to not only help you make appropriate decisions
on how but also when to use this technology.
Hi, I'm Frank Moley.
I'm a cloud native developer, architect, and manager
working in both public and private clouds
throughout my career.
I have consumed and even helped build
serverless technologies.
I am passionate about technology
and sharing that technology with others.
So, let's get ready to learn about cloud native challenges
focusing on AWS Lambda as a serverless technology.